feat(GaussDB): add gaussdb opengauss schema resource (#6245)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/gaussdb_opengauss_schema.md

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the schema name. The value can contain **1** to **63** characters. Only
  letters, digits, and underscores (_) are allowed. It cannot start with pg or a digit, and must be different from template
  database names and existing schema names. Template databases include **postgres**, **template0**, **template1**.
  Existing schemas include **public** and **information_schema**.

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `owner` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the owner of the schema. The value cannot be a system user and must be
  an existing database username. System users: **rdsAdmin**, **rdsMetric**, **rdsBackup**, and **rdsRepl**.

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID which is formatted `<instance_id>/<db_name>/<name>`.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following timeouts configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 90 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 90 minutes.

## Import

> The GaussDB OpenGauss schema can be imported using the `instance_id`, `db_name` and `name` separated by a slash, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GaussDB OpenGauss schema can be imported using the `instance_id`, `db_name` and `name` separated by slashes, e.g.
```
